Hey guys what's up.
So in this video we're going to be looking at the overall structure of dot that application forgotten
at Korea espionage.
And the first thing is the application actually starts with the program file.
This is actually the main starting point the main portion of your application and you can see here that
this is the main function you can pass in some string arguments to your actual web server then it calls
this actual method that's defined inside of here that implements a web host builder interface.
And by doing that it has some built in web server defaults this is using something called the cache
for a web server which is a new Microsoft Project and that comes with this so it's different from I
guess.
But it is a cross-platform internet web server that is that is created by Microsoft so come ship it
ships by default so that's actually what we're using here.
Since we're we want to use dot net core and from there though this project is also going to have a startup
file so this startup file.
Everything that goes through your applications or every request is made to your server is going to go
through this configure method and it's going to fire one time for every request that comes through.
So the application by default is actually just responding to every request it's responding back with
just a standard string response of hello world.
So if we go and run the application we can go and run our working code by pressing the play button.
This is going to fire up a local host web server using guess express and then Kestral.
And really that's confusing as it's nobody's calling cash flow really I mean everybody's called it ice
express.
I mean that's what we call the ice web server that's built into Visual Studio and we're debugging and
everything but I guess eventually we're going to start hauling the casual web server technologies change
quickly.
So as you can see this localhost is our it's our local host poured it's you know stands for signifies
1 2 7 0 0 1 and then the colon.
And after everything after that is actually the port number that this web server is listening for or
listening to and all requests to this poor are being returned with a response of Hello World.
We're going to have to change that functionality obviously to be able to have a much more robust Web
site and we're going to do that in the following video.
But what I do want to show you guys real quick is the configurations of where that magic is happening.
If you went ahead and you looked inside of the if you right click on the actual project itself and click
on the properties this is going to give you a bunch of properties for your application.
It tells you everything from how the project is building what sort of dependencies it has you can see
its target framework has dot net 2.1.
So if you guys wanted to adjust the putit number that it's listening to you would go under the Properties
and there's a launch settings that Jaison file and then inside of here you can actually see that the
actual port number is being set right there so you can change that to whatever you want.
Here's the main application you are ill.
And then there's just a bunch of different information in here.
You can see the actual Dunning-Kruger and we're not going to get into it right now but you can actually
have some settings on your launch settings for different environments.
So it makes it easy to kind of say OK if I'm under the Devon environment then use this on launch setting
iPhone on production.
I'm going to use this one.
You know what I mean so you can have a lot of things like your connection string things like that that
are stored inside of these actual physical files that can be secured away on a server somewhere instead
of like in a database.
And then the W.W. root folder that is again these are the static route that we're going to see in a
future video here.
But that's where all ever see is in javascript and things like that is going to go.
If you wanted to adjust the web config or have like system config variables like if you've ever seen
Django development there's a settings file which is essentially where a lot of the application's main
settings are stored.
And that's going to still be under a web config but it's a little confusing because by default this
isn't shown.
If you say show all files that still doesn't show up which is interesting but if you right click on
the actual project you're going to be able to see that you can add it then the sist process file of
your application niceish Prospal is actually going to be it's going to have all of your dependencies
inside of here.
This is just it's just going to the main dependency.
Right here at the moment but the main dependency has a ton of other sub dependencies.
But eventually when you start adding new new packages to your application you're going to see all that
stuff inside of your sig file.
So that's really the overall structure of the application itself just again the web server spun up here
when the main application is started it's going to have some built in functionality for you that you're
going to need.
It's going to call this startup for every request that's made when the application is run it doesn't
matter whatever happens you're going to see that this hello world is just simply return.